
--Privacy Policy--
We are dedicated to preserving and protecting your privacy and dignity.
This Policy describes your options about information collection and use, as well as our policies for information collection, use, disclosure, and protection of data obtained through our service. All users are bound by our privacy policy.
For information about the possible uses of your personal information, please carefully read the following privacy statement. By using the app, you agree to be bound by these terms and to have read and understood them.
Information We Collect
We may collect information to improve user experience. Please read types of information below.
Non Personal Information:
Non-Personal Information is any open information which does not enable identification of an individual User, and which is available to us while such User is entering into and/or using the Site/App/Game
Personal Information:
For the AI baby generation process, we analyze the photos you upload to identify facial features (such as eyes, nose, mouth, etc.) for creating AI-predicted images. We do not collect or store any facial data. Once the analysis and image generation process is complete, all data, including the photos, will be permanently erased from our servers.
Facial Feature Analysis
To provide Baby Genarator effects, we analyze facial features from photos sent to our server.
The whole thing looks like this:
You will send the chosen images to our server via an encrypted connection.
The server analyzes the facial features from the images to create the requested AI prediction.
Following the completion of the creation, the generated result (baby image or future self) will be sent back to you via the application.
The final composite result will be temporarily stored in encrypted storage for a short while before being permanently erased.
App Performance Enhancement
To verify, evaluate, and enhance our app's performance.
Communication
To send you emails regarding marketing notifications, app usage feedback requests, and updates about our terms and guidelines.
Third-Party Services
Our services are supported by third-party services, including bug reporting services, hosting services, analytics services, and transactional SMS services.
Data Security
We are committed to protecting the security of your information and use encryption protocols to safeguard data.
Data Retention
We retain data only for as long as necessary for the purposes outlined in this policy, or as required by law.
Advertising
By using our Website/Apps, you may be offered advertising content. We or the ad networks we use may utilize ad-serving technologies that use cookies, beacons, tracking pixels and other technologies that are placed within the ads and allow us or our networks to collect Non-Personal Information.
Age Limitation
You must be at least eighteen years (18 years) old to access or use the Website/app. Minors between the ages of 13 and 17 require permission from and supervision of their parent or guardian.
Contact Information
You can contact us about any breach of our Privacy Policy or If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at soft.apps.x@gmail.com

  
--Terms and Conditions--
INTRODUCTION
It is necessary that you carefully read and understand this Agreement, as your download, installation, or use of the App represents that you agree to its terms and conditions, which gets activated on the day you download, install, or use it.
If you disagree with this Agreement or at least with one its provisions. You are not authorized to utilize or interact with the application, download, install, or use the application. However, you must immediately stop doing so and uninstall the application from any mobile device that you own or are in charge.
General Terms
'AI Show My Baby Face Maker' application produces an original AI - generated photos. The application is a tool meant to improve the way you use your mobile device. Only personal, non-commercial usage is permitted for this application.
Privacy Policy
We consider your privacy seriously. To help you understand how we handle, utilize, and retain information including personal-data. We have created the Privacy Policy please have a look.
Updates to Terms and Conditions
This Terms and Conditions may be updated periodically. Users will be notified of any changes.
Age Limitation
You must be at least 13 years old to access or use the Website/App. Minors of the age below 13 require permission from supervision of their parent or guardian.
Prohibited behavior
You declare not to use the App in any way that violates any law, regulation, or authorization; that violates the rights of others privacy or publicity that violates any copyright, database right, or trademark of another person or that encourages, supports, or aids in any illegal activity, including computer misuse or copyright infringement.
Subscription
Once the first term subscription expires, Your membership, whether it be weekly, monthly, quarterly or annually, it will automatically renew for consecutive subscription periods of the same duration unless you specifically cancel it in the Play Store. Depending on the terms of each App Marketplace, if you bought your membership through an App, you may always cancel automatic renewals and your subscription in your account settings.
If you have any question, please contact us at ; soft.apps.x@gmail.com
